# The Clocktower

### A Fairy Tale Adventure

## Flora Pizey
####Friday 5th September 2014

Once Upon a fairy tale day a girl and a boy lay down on crisp emerald green 
grass, gazing up at a cool blue sky, misty clouds spread themselves out 
on the picturesque screne

"Pippy, What if something happens, like something bad?"

"What do you mean Oli? _Nothing_ in the WHOLE WIDE WORLD can separate us, no 
force known to man (or fairies) will rip us apart!"

Oli sighed and said "Yeah, I guess so" but something inside him felt wrong 

Oli and Pippa were bestest of friends and as Pippa had stated nothing could 
tear Oli from Pippa or Pippa from Oli; or so they thought...

The sun was setting and they needed to go to bed.

"Race you!" oli shouted 

"You bet!" Pippa replied, they raced through the autumn woods down the pebbled 
lane and stopped at Fairy Walkway. Fairy Walkway got its name from its arc of 
woven ivy and trees that curl their curious branches around each other creating 
a patched and woven door way. In between the ivy and vines beautiful flowers grew: 
red ones, blue ones, lilac, sunny yellow, rosy pink and deep violet with midnght 
blue outer petals, some big flowers and some tiny, just as big as your little 
finger nail.

They entered the small hollow and said hello to all the fairies and pixies, 
the elfs sat in their own group, of course. (Elves are quite anti-social and 
quiet). All the fairies and pixies hovered over, their wings glinting in the 
twilight.

The fairies have slim and elegant bodies you feel you could almost snap them in 
half, they have beautiful faces that woudd take you breath away. Pixies are also 
quite good looking with strong, sturdy wings and muscular chests that shine if 
they catch the light, their faces are also very muscular, thay have strong, 
handsome features that can stop passing fairies in their tracks. Elves however 
are quite grumpy looking with a threatening scowl that is tattooed on their 
wrinkly faces. Even if elves are in a  relatively good mood
(which they rarely are) the tattoo doesn't wash off. This way the elves can be 
rather crafty, they can tell lies like none you have ever heard!

Darkness was almost falling and they needed to have some dinner. Dinner 
consisted of acorns, blackberries and maple sap for dessert. They gulped this 
down in two seconds flat, it had been a long and tiring day up on the hillside, 
near Ashwood Cove, no one ever went near Ashwood Cove, not even the ogres and 
trolls and not _even_ the big trimp-tackers: they were the biggest, fiercest, 
most dangerous creatures in the whole of the world!

Pippa scrambled into bed, which was in a hollow tree in two leaves sewn together 
with ivy vines to make a sleeping bag. The tree was cosy with a lamp lit by a 
little glow worm in a glass jam jar. 

"Night Pippi!" Oli called from his bed in teh same big old oak tree on a 
branch-bunk just above Pippa's hollow. 

"Night Oli!" Pippa called in response. 

Meanwhile, while Pippa nad oli were going to bed, people were waking up 
somewhere not so far away on another world completely. 
Lots of people lived there, normal people and a normal villag. The village 
people were always going about their jobs normally every single day. Some of 
the folks wanted something exciting to happen for once, but it never did. 

As I said, everything was normal, except one thing, well one person. A man and 
his wife lived by themselves: no baby, no child, no nothing. This was because 
they couldn't. So old John  spent his days searching and searching and searching 
everywhere. _All_ the orphanages, all the church doorsteps and asking around 
"has any body seen an abandoned girl?" They particularly wanted a girl so she 
could be beautiful and radiant and all the village to love her. she could swish 
her long glossy hair and it would ripple like a rushing river in the wind, or 
so they hoped. 

Ring, ring, ring! "Oh shhh" John croaked as he fell out of his rather 
dishevelled bed, went back to sleep for a minute on the floor and then realised 
what the time was. "Oh no, oh I need to get up quick!" he said "Mmm grrr hoor 
shooo" John's wife groaned. 

John's early morning work was searching. He searched and searched but after 
twelve years of searching the little village he had looked in all the church 
doorsteps and scanned all the nooks and crannies for a lost baby or a homeless 
girl (pretty of course); and all the orphanages. He checked them almost every 
day, in the evenings, just in case any body gave in their baby or found one. 

Today though he decided to go right into the village square, where the 
clocktower is. The clocktower was in the centre of the village both literally 
and in their hearts. the Tower was tall, very tall; it could almost touch the 
clouds! John gazed up at the top of the Tower, where the clock face is and then 
looked forward, in front of him. He saw some mini double doors! It looked like 
a trap door. He looked around, no one was up yet, it was very early. John went 
over and yanked one open. It was very difficult because moss had glued its soft 
pillowness into the gaps forming a very effective glue. Ivy crawled its evil 
vines around the door knob meaning it was extremely hard to turn, but he managed 
eventually.

Inside it was pitch black, but John always carried a lamp around so he lit the 
lamp and pulled the door but left it ajar. He looked right and he saw a 
staircase which he guessed was the extraordinarily long one that led right up to
the top of the Clocktower. then in front of him he saw another tiny trap door, 
yet it was a sort of circular door with an indented edge, just like a cog he 
thought. John tugged and pulled and yanked but the door _wasn't_ going anywhere. 
"Maybe it was locked?" but there was no key hole! "Maybe ivy and foliage blocked 
it from the other side, because ther certainly wasn't any on this side." thought 
John. So he kept on trying and trying until at _last_ with one tremendous tug 
he pulled the cog door open.  

On the other side it appeared to be night time. every thing was dark, the moon 
shone through the magnificent trees. John assumed it was an entirely different 
world, then he had an idea, he was the first person to set foot on it. In that 
case he shouldn't tell any one because then they might claim it to be theirs he 
thought.

As he walked through it he realised how magical it was the way the branches 
creep over you like hands about to kill, the way the moon reflects on the 
shimmering lake that rushes down the steep hill side. Now John was right at the 
top of the hill he could see everywhere around. At the bottom he could see a 
small forest with an arch of plants for the entrance, a little pebbled path led 
up to it. "Tha looks nice." he thought. The rest of the view was stunning, he 
could see forests and lakes, bushes with gorgeous looking berries and mountains
like something out of a fairytale. 

John followed the narrow path, his long beard billowing in the wind. It was dark 
but John came prepared, he had his lamp. He could hear little chuckles coming
from the woods and the occasional tit-tawoo from an owl high up in the tree tops 
and the tiny scuttling of squirrels or mice, or even rabbits, sometimes he heard 
a crunch or a snap from a fox or badger or some other animal. 

Zz yhh grizzle as John stepped through the arc that was the fairy walkway, he 
could hear odd sorts of snoring noises. "Ahah!"thought John. But when he stepped 
in to the hollwo all he could see was sleeping Fairies and Pixies, and what he 
guessed were Elves. He cautiously crept up to them, they immediately turned 
round. They were skowling fiercely, John didn't know whether this was normal or 
whether they were extremely angry! He thought for a moment and then said 
anxiously "D-d-doy-you know of an-y git-l around h-here?" He stammered. The 
Elves replied gruffly "Yes, in the hollow tree. " The biggest one (he looked 
like the leader) said. "Th-ththank you!" he said with an element of victory 
mixed with fear in his voice, for the Elves were _not_ very welcoming, at all. 

What he needed to find was a hollwo tree, fairley big so it could fit a human 
girl in. A few metres away he saw one! "Ahah!" he chuckled "I done it!" John saw 
a little huddled figure in a massive oak tree making sort-of  sniffly, sleeping 
noises. Above her a boy lay on a branch, he looked like he was about to fall off. 

John lifted the girl, who was in fact very pretty, with long honey coloured hair 
that flowed over her resting shoulders. The boy on teh branch was also rather 
good looking with dark treacle coloured hair and skin like burned caramel. The 
girl had golden brown skin. They must catch the sun a lot here John thought. 
The girl had a little gold chain around her neck with a half love heart in the 
middle. On the half love heart it said "Oli" and had a picture of a boy. John 
even though he was getting old and his eye sight wasn't the best, could tell 
that that was the boy on the branch! And just out of curiosity he tried to see 
whether the boy had a chain, he did it was another half-heart and it said 
"Pippa" with an obvious picture of the girl in his arms. 

Worried that the girl, who he guessed was called Pippa, would wake up John 
hurried back through the trees and over the hill, past the lake and back where 
he started. 

John had less heaving and pulling to do this time because the last time he had 
eased the door slightly._Creeek_ John made sure he shut the door very firmly 
before opening the next one and slipping through it, mind you he was carrying 
the girl, who was, luckily, still sleeping through all of this!

No one was up still, seeing as it was the Blessing of the Clocktower day. 
This is an annual day that happens every spring, so everyone has a three hour
lie in. John padded through the empty village, every now and then glancing down 
at the beautiful girl who lay unconscious in his tired arms. 

"How long does it take you old-old-old person" John's wife screached. John was 
still closing the door, he had his back to his wife and was smiling smuggly. 

"What is it you ol-" she stopped, "You've found one ! Let's see!". John brought 
her over to the old lady lyinf in her rickety old bed. "where, where did you 
find her? she said with a certain awe in her croaky voice. John just tapped his
nose suspiciously at he question. 

"She's certainly a looer, let's put her to bed!" John's wife, Doriene said. So
they tucked the girl up in the spare bed, turned out the light and went into the 
kitchen, right out of ear shot.

"Doriene she had a neck chain" John said inquireingly. 

"Yes, go on." she said suspiciously. 

"Wellit - there was a boy where I found her too. They both had connecting love 
hearts, one (the one on the girls neck) said _Oli_ and had an exact engravement 
of the boy and the other one (the one round the boy's neck) had the name _Pippa_
engraved and an exact picture of her!" John said gulping at the end. 

"Well who gives a damn about the boy? But the girl" Doriene said slowly, "The 
girl, you mean to say, no you mean she's got a name!" she said excitedly.

"Yes, Pippa!" John said.

"Phew! that saves us having to figure one out!" she said releived.


